{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 CreditRiver-Regular;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19920\viewh12540\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs96 \cf0 You are the Villain
\fs72 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Well well well.\
It's as I suspected.\
So villains.\
Could be a Tower Defense where your castle is being breached by heroes.  You gotta lay down traps and such to whoop em.\
Okay I dropped some jokes in the chat.  That'll keep 'em busy for a while.\
Hmmm\'85\'85\
So here's an idea I like.\
You are the big boss of a dungeon.\
The hero, with his resets and multiple lives, keeps coming back.\
That jerk.\
You are the boss right.\
So you have to keep killing the hero.\
Each time he comes back he's a little tougher.\
So what's the game then?\
The game is made of waves.\
Each wave, you get to pick between 3 different attacks.\
Each attack you throw at the hero has a chance of damaging him.\
Attacks are small minigames for you.\
Example attacks:\
AOE bombard\
Blink around and throw fireballs\
Drop 3 minions\
Dash at enemy (if you miss you hit the wall and get stunned)\
Eyeballs\
Giant hand swings\
Okay, that's cool and all.\
I have no idea how to make the hero not a total joke.\
Either it will be too easy to crush the idiot and his simple AI.\
Or it'll be impossible to touch his perfect AI.\
\
Okay, new concept:\
This is a thing for game developers right?\
Who are game developer's villains?\
Pirates.\
So your goal would be to pirate the shit out of games and distribute them.\
Okay. Neat.\
So you're part of the piracy scene.\
You're trying to gain lulz.\
How do you get lulz?\
By cracking the right games before anyone else and getting them on a stable tracker before anyone else does.\
How do you know whats a good game?\
You gotta scout.\
So you have to spend coin on magazines and they give scores to games. Some magazines are more accurate than others.\
Once you know what game you want to do, you have to buy it and start cracking it.\
There are a few cracking schemes (depending on the developer) to master.\
You can spend coin on learning new cracks for the different schemes or upgrading your hardware to make cracking faster.\
After it's cracked you upload the ISO to the trackers.\
Each tracker has a number of seeders and leechers.\
Basic trackers are open to everyone and have a ton of leeches but few seeders.\
Not much glory there.\
\
If you upload to a tracker with too many leachers it'll knock out your net and you'll have to start over.\
Once your ISO is uploaded you get paid for how many seeders there are and you get lulz for how fast you got it up and how good the game is.\
You can also attach warez to your ISO that infect people's computers and you can get money from that.\
When you attach warez, though, it costs you in lulz.\
\
AbhorrentFreak\
*.abhorrent\
\
That's the game.\
It's an alternate reality game in a website.\
As you play you actually download real abhorrent files that you use to upload and attach warez.\
Hmm that won't work on mobile -
\f1 >
\f0  FUCK MOBILE.\
\
GAMEZ\
Each game has a price, GB size, a value (C, B, A, AA, AAA), and a score (0.0-10.0).\
Highly rated games are more sought after, but the scene is more competitive.\
Lower rated, niche games are less popular but you can easily become the guy cracking those.\
\
MAGZ\
Each magazine is released monthly.  There is an issue price, a number of games they review, accuracy, and score scale (Upvote/Downvote, 1-5, ABCDF, 1-10).  Magazines may also specialize in only a certain class of game (for example, only AAA games).\
\
TRACKERZ\
There are a few tiers of trackers.  Each tracker has its payrate for seeders, its tolerance for malwarez, and other requirements.\
The most basic trackers are the open trackers.  PirateIsle, TwoEZ2Share, and DownloadersGrove are the open trackers.  They have many leachers and it's a madhouse.  Not a lot of bang for your buck here.\
The next tier are the private trackers.  These are by invite-only and require a certain amount of lulz to upload.  They also specialize in certain aspects of the games, such as value. LemonPickel, Xhorrent, and Epigazzm are private trackers.\
The third and most prestigious tier are the premium trackers.  These trackers cost money to be a member of but they pay big for their seeders.  Premium trackers are a make it or break it affair; if you're the first up with a hit then you win a huge amount of lulz and coin, but if not then it's a big waste of time.  They do not take kindly to malwarez on their tracker.  TopStoX, Bitslurpi, and Gerbilizr are premium trackers.\
\
WAREZ\
Warez are applied to your abhorrent file before you upload it to the trackers.  Some warez, like catzip, compress your file so that it takes less time to upload.  Others, like LudooM, are malwarez and infect the file so that downloaders get a virus.  These malwarez give you an income so that you can keep on keeping on.  Malwarez have attributes: income (how much you make per install), detection (how easily a virus scanner can detect it, makes less people download your thing), infection (how much badness does it cause/damages your lulz).\
\
CRACKZ\
Each game publisher has its own cracking scheme.  The different cracking schemes must be researched against separately.  They are:\
Moka \
Sheeld\
Destigen\
Generally speaking, the bigger the game and the more it costs, the harder it is to crack.\
\
SPECZ\
Your machine's specs also play a role.  Upload speed, download speed, cracking speed, warezing speed, upload capacity, are all affected by hardware.\
\
Okay, this is going to be a Rails app.  Joy.\
\
It's always nice starting a new repo.\
\
Time to start thinking about the website infrastructure.\
\
It needs models\'85 what models?\
\
Users\
- username\
- coins\
Stores\
Games\
Magazines\
Reviews\
Wares\
Trackers\
Actions\
\
Hmm\'85\
A rails app for ludum dare?\
Kind of lame.\
\
\
\
thinking thinking\
\
thinking\'85\
\
Fuck it.\
Dungeoneer: Dread, Wrath, and Beyond\
Zeldaesque.\
So these fucker heroes come into your dungeon.\
They swing their swords at all your shit.\
They're constantly breaking things and opening stuff.\
You have to go around and replace the stuff or the heroes will build up and break through to your throne room.\
Your dungeon is three floors.\
The ground floor, the upstairs, and your throne room on top.\
Heroes:\
Swordswingers - love pots and grass\
Bombthrowers - love stones and statues\
Arrowshooters - love mirrors and eyes and fire\
Shothookers - love gaps\
Heroes' biggest flaw is their love of breaking shit.\
So you have a bunch of traps in your dungeon that you can upgrade that do some mass execution shit on the heroes.\
You have to activate the traps though.\
Some traps you can have the heroes trigger themselves maybe.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}