{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cassia-ExtraLight;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Treatise;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Secombe;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12920\viewh13280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs72 \cf0 You are the Villain\
\
\
So my first screen recording didn't save :(\
Program fooked up.\
So sad.\
It's kay.  That game was going to be shit.\
:D\
\
This game will be\'85\
Villain: Dread, Wrath and Beyond!\
\
You are Crater, greatest villain in all the land. \
Or you were.\
You have been defeated by the great Swordhero.\
He sliced you and diced you.\
The people all cheer his name and toss your dead body in glee through the streets.\
But your damned soul isn't finished.\
For your misdeeds, you've been sent to Hell.\
Atone for your sins?\
Fuck that.  Now you're the greatest villain in all of Hell.\
In hell there are hellpuppies and hellkittens that attack you.\
Fireballs spewing out of what have you.\
Lava and shit.\
There are 3 bosses.\
The first is Lillibee, the princess you corrupted.\
"I was pure before.  A perfect princess.  But my heart fell for you and you turned me into something I thought I could never be."\
The second is Strawn, your father whose name you ruined.\
"Our family had honor.  Our name was spoken with respect.  My father, his father, we were good men.  Powerful men.  I did nothing wrong in my life except raise you and now I am here."\
The third is Vayne, second in command to the Boss of Hell.\
Secret ending.\
\
Need to pick a font !!!!\
\

\f1 Some font like this..\
\

\f2 This is perfect.\
Villain:\
Dread, Wrath, and Beyond
\f0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Ok so i'm back\
Turns out quicktime is busted on Mountain Lion.\
I'm shocked.\
But its ok i figured out how to screen capture finally\
there's about 22 hours left for the compo\
I have some art done and barely any code\
So my plan is:\
Set up game architecture\
Hook up player's platformer FSM\
Get him bouncing around a flat stage\
Do a Tiled map for a level\
Load Tiled map into the game\
Set up triggers and stuff\
Do the intro stage (basic AI for swordhero)\
Do the cutscene after the intro\
Do hell level one\
Hook up boss 1\
Do hell levels two and three\
Hook up boss 2 and 3\
Do end cutscene\
GG\
\
\
Okay I have the architecture started off good.\
Need to finish the platformer sprite.\
That involves ground detection, movement, jumping, falling, wallriding, and walljumping.\
So there's a good amount to it but I've written this kind of code many times before.\
Usually I'm using a physics library, but for this I'm just going to write my own physics.\
It's cool because I'll have more control over its execution, but of course at the cost of many many features.\
But this game is just tiles and rectangle collisions so it will work.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}